Note takers: David Dolson & volunteer?

CAPPORT Working Group
          IETF 99
          Prague
          2017-07-18
          15:50-17:50 Tuesday Afternoon session II
          Chairs: Erik Kline, Martin Thomson
          Materials: https://github.com/capport-wg/wg-materials/tree/master/ietf99
Martin:
    - dates for deliverables are in the past, and some of the milestone docs are probably not relevant
    - we want to deliver something.
(A/V is hard)
    - is minimum set OK?
David Dolson: need to notify non-http-80
Tommy Pauly: expect to interact with web pages
Martin: considers status code 511 to be dead until new information.


          Agenda
          Administrivia                   5   Chairs
          MVP                            20   Chairs
          Architecture                   20   Dave Dolson
            https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-larose-capport-architecture
Did anyone take notes while Dave was talking??
Tommy: if adopting, work in parallel, not waterfall.
Adam Roach: Low value in problem statement
Martin: adopt?
Margaret: discuss adoption after other slides & discussion
Martin: Mark Nottingham doesn't want to work on problem statement; so we would incorporate the good parts into arch doc.


          ICMP                           20   David Bird
            https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-wkumari-capport-icmp-unreach
Lorenzo no-nametag: how to tell attacker session-ID vs. proper session-ID.
David Bird: can check quoted packet
David Dolson: session-ID help filter out duplicate messages
Lorenzo: ephemeral port ranges are not huge; not hard to guess
Dave Dolson: in arch doc we said worst case ICMP impact is going to API and asking
Tommy: want to keep ICMP simpler, not put a lot in ICMP
no-nametag: I don't understand how we say both the ICMP is a hint and also that API and ICMP can be out of sync. Otherwise we need security on ICMP. If it is a hint, OK. but if it gives more then there are security issues.
Tommy: building on that, I see your point, but I don't have a ton of sympathy for the complexity argument bc today there is a web server that can tell me how much time, and can control the enforcement point. We should be able to do an API that is as simple as a web portal serving up a static/dynamic web page.
Martin: <hat off> Some feedback I got was (a) there are far too many bits & messages (maybe dest unreach is enough), you allow provider to provide discriminatory services.
David B: That's what walled garden does. We shouldn't go there.
Martin: we should be very careful about talking about discriminatory services. We need to be very careful about what we say, including social effects.
David B: is this applicable to ICMP?
Martin: Yes, fine grained control my enable it.
Dave Dolson: if we bring more in scope, we could restrict the enforcement point to having a single tier.




          PvD                            20   Tommy Pauly
            https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-bruneau-intarea-provisioning-domains
Martin: Do you mean that if there is non-capport PvD, do probing funny-business is not required?
Tommy: yes
Margaret: some odd timing things. If you get capport PvD, you can't send traffic until checking PvD API.
Lorenzo: I'm not optimistic we will get this soon. Realistically, until we get to HTTPS everywhere, this might provide wrong incentives.
Lorenzo: Do you really want to wait until letting traffic use the network?
Tommy: today, we wait for capport probe to complete until allowing network access.
David Bird: confused by flow: what if PvD API is misconfigured or lying?
Tommy: this is not a new thing; capport defeating approaches happen today. Devices will consider the network to be evil.
Dorothy Stanley: How does the client trust the information? Or does it not?
Tommy: need more in-depth analysis. In this case, PvD is secure connection. Assuming HTTPS.
Eric Vinke: in ? protocol, a blob sent back, advertise prefixes in the JSON. (I didn't understand this point)
Martin: maybe not giving security, just misconfiguration protection?
David B: doesn't get rid of probe.
Tommy: if someone is browsing to a server they want to go to, it isn't wasted.
Pierre Pfister: in IPv6 it is generally accepted the RA is trusted.
Lorenzo: Can we ignore this problem?
Tommy: yes
David B: security is provided by TLS. Do you present the cert to the user?
Tommy: Yes, in demo, yes we presented FQDN to user.


          API                            20   Mark Donnelly
            https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-donnelly-capport-detection
Eric Kline: in favor of the reduction. What might non-default networks in the API mean?
Mark: intended to provide different ways of accessing
Eric: is there overlap with PvDs
Yes
r
Martin: the question is, with multiple PvDs, do you need multiple networks at this layer?
Tommy: no
Martin: what is session token?
Mark: people seemed to want session token. o
Lorenzo: can we update on demand?
Lorenzo: counting issues: when does client know it has reached limit: Maybe ask at 80%?
Dave Dolson: Please see my comments on the API wrt style of using GET vs. POST and RESTful approach.
David Bird: wrt counting... (missed this)


Martin:
    Three questions:
    1. for arch doc, do we want a milestone for architecture. Humming: in favor.
    2. is the document a good basis for the milestone? Humming: in favor.
    3. do we need milestone for the ICMP signal? Humming: divided: not clear.
    4. API document: do we need a milestone? Humming: in favor.
    5. Is this document a good basis. Humming in favor.
Probably will cut milestones back by removing survey and taxonomy. (Discuss with AD)
