CAPPORT minutes
2018.11.08

The official session was cancelled, but thereafter interest was expressed.
These are some notes from the unofficial meeting held in the same timeslot.


[ Architecture document ]

Kick-off question: is it done yet?

There's a difference between the enforcement device(s) and the enforcement
controller (e.g. WiFi AP vs controller).  The architecture diagram could be
updated to reflect this.  Nasir to comment on the list and/or send a pull
request.

Also: the diagram needs to explicitly speak in terms of "functions".

Content of the signalling function (2.5) goes into considerable detail;
perhaps over-specified?

PVD section should just contain the API endpoint.

The document could benefit from Harmonizing terminology. Expecting a pull
request.

Proposed edit for section 2.3: privacy, integrity, and *confidentiality*.
Consider expanding the Arch Doc terminology section.


[ API document ]

Applicability of HTTPS and TLS validation. Definitely don't want self-signed
certificates.

Discussion of how Plex mints certs for devices.


[ Android captive portal UX improvements ]

3 things to communicate to the user:
    - usage info
    - session management
    - venue-specific information

Darshak: Perhaps the option to transfer one UE's logged in status to another
device.

Perhaps one clickable element in a network management to expand these 2 or 3
options.

Will continue to probe Internet connectivity despite assurances from the API.

Perhaps distinguish in the API JSON keys between user-portal-url and a venue
info URL. The venue page is often where a successful login via the
user-portal-url leads.

Auto-close of the post-interaction landing page may be nice for users, but
then that page is hard to return to explicitly.

The venue specific information should perhaps be in the PVD instead.


[ Deployability ]

Mariko and Kyle chatting about the drafts.

Do we need a deployment draft?

Erik, co-chair hat off: I'm concerned about the hole we have for getting UE
identifying info from the API URL into the login page.


[ WBA liaison ]

Hoping to get access to some kinds of documentation.
